c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Adding.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Adding.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Answering.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Answering.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Asking.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Asking.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\DeckMaintenance.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\DeckMaintenance.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Editing.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Editing.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Adding.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Answering.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Asking.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\DeckMaintenance.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Editing.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Adding.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Answering.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Asking.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\DeckMaintenance.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\Editing.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\Adding.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\Answering.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\Asking.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\DeckMaintenance.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\Editing.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\SimpleFlash.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\SimpleFlash.Windows.exe
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\SimpleFlash.Windows.pdb
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\bin\Debug\SimpleFlash.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\SimpleFlash.Windows.exe
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\SimpleFlash.Windows.pdb
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash\SimpleFlash.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
